# p2p-protocol
Point to Point Travel Protocol + API for Rideshare and Cargo Applications

# Liability Waiver and Release
_Access to Hardware_. Arrow Air DAO (“Arrow”) may provide You with access to or otherwise make available hardware products, designs, software, documents, materials, or related services, including but not limited to sub-assemblies and/or prototypes, that are being developed by or on behalf of Arrow (collectively, “Products”). Your access or contribution to, or use of, the Products is subject to the terms herein.  If You are accessing the Products on behalf of an employer, company, or other entity (“Third-Party Entity”), You represent that You have the authority to act on behalf of that Third-Party Entity, and do hereby agree to these terms on behalf of that Third-Party Entity.  

_Acknowledgment of Risks and Release_. The Products have not yet been subject to rigorous testing with respect to environmental, safety, radio frequency, electromagnetic or any other type of compliance, are subject to change, and are not supported, approved, authorized, certified and have not otherwise been evaluated by regulatory or similar bodies or testing labs. You acknowledge that there may be known and unknown risks involved with the use of the Products, and those risks could include regulatory non-compliance, personal injury, property damage, illness, sickness or death. The Products are unfinished and are licensed, not sold; they have not been authorized by regulators for sale or lease and may not be offered for sale or lease without authorization. The Products may contain a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm. With this understanding, You are confirming that You are voluntarily choosing to access or use the Products subject to these terms.  On behalf of Yourself and your heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, You hereby irrevocably assumes all risks and liability and fully and forever releases and discharges Arrow and its affiliates, contributors, directors, and agents, from any and all claims, damages, demands, rights of action or causes of action, present or future, known or unknown, anticipated or unanticipated, resulting from or arising out of Your access, use, handling, operation, testing, or evaluation of the Products. Further, You hereby release and discharge Arrow and its affiliates, contributors, directors, and agents, from any and all liability for any personal injury, illness, sickness, death, or loss or damage to personal property. In furtherance of Your intent to waive unknown claims, You hereby waive all rights and benefits under California Civil Code Section 1542 which provides: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.” You understand that this means that You are waiving all unknown and unsuspected claims, even those that if known before signing this Agreement would have caused You not to sign or otherwise agree to this Agreement.

_No Warranty_. THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ARROW SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO SUPPORT YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS. ARROW EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN), INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
 
_Limitation of Liability_. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ARROW WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING CONTRACT AND TORT), EVEN IF ARROW HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY STATED HEREIN.

